this was a weird day our president this
afternoon I know if you saw this but
Donald Trump treated the media gathered
in New York to a rambling angry jumbled
dishonest and frequently incoherent hour
and 20 minute long press conference it
might still be going I don't know I
don't even know what to start the wheels
are off the wagon it's time to put
grandpa on an assisted living facility
because he cannot care for himself what
a performance this one it was like the
craziest voicemail from your mom ever it
was an on and on and all over the place
he hammered everybody China Canada the
media Obama George Washington it was
bananas you know they say brought rose
and so I wanted to tape him to show
everyone he's nuts
not necessary he did it himself he's he
got himself on tape being we have the
evidence Tom Arnold can call off the
search it was some press conference they
could easily have sold this thing to
Netflix as a comedy special if you look
at mr. pillsbury the leading authority
in China he was on a good show I won't
mention the name of the show recently
and he was saying that China has total
respect for Donald Trump and for Donald
Trump's very very large a brain this is
not a good thing when your brain is
swelling it means you have CTE it's
confident they got into the fact in the
press conference that Trump always seems
to side with the men who were accused of
sexual misconduct it never seems to
believe the women and he even admitted
that the reason he feels that way is
because there have been so many
accusations made against him I've had a
lot of false charges made against me I'm
a very famous person unfortunately yeah
right Donald Trump hates being famous
fact I don't know who it was that put
his name in such giant letters on
but whoever did this owes him an apology
Bigley and immediately Trump also
weighed in on the fact that everyone
laughed at him at the UN General
Assembly yesterday that was a moment
that obviously got under his orangie
skin they weren't laughing at me they
were laughing with me we had fun that
was not laughing at me so the fake dude
said people laughed at President Trump
they didn't laugh at me people had a
good time with me
yeah no laughing at you they were
definitely laughing at you the press
conference this press conference was
successful only in that he did not
physically melt or explode during it the
craziest part is he pried Betty thinks
he nailed her right now I bet he he's
sitting in bed eating a celebratory box
of the Colonel's extra-crispy going and
wiping his hands on the sheets you know
while our demented president was working
himself into a lather in New York there
were new new allegations against his
nominee for the Supreme Court Brett
Kavanaugh aka the 40 year old virgin is
facing another accusation from a woman
who says she knew him when they were in
high school she alleges that he is and
his friends would target girls with
alcohol and quaaludes in order to take
advantage of them sexually and just like
that we have a new spokesperson for
jell-o pudding we lose a cosby this is
the third woman to accuse Kavanaugh of
sexual misconduct her name is Julie
sweat NIC she claims that back in 1982
she was drugged and gang-raped at a
party where Kavanagh was present
Cavanaugh denies this - he says he
doesn't know who she is and he says it
never happened what fortunately for him
Julie sweat Nick is represented by Trump
tormentor in chief Michael avenatti who
represents stormy Daniels and that is
interesting because now the president's
apologists in the Senate instead of
addressing the allegations from the
allegations themselves they are
attacking the woman's representative for
instance Senator Bill Cassidy of
Louisiana told Fox the source is being
considered not the accuser per se but
avenatti avenatti lawyer - porn star
Senator Lindsey Graham pulled the same
the
he said the lawyer to porn stars has
just taking this debacle to an even
lower level the lawyer reports are the
part of the his bio they're forgetting
is he's the lawyer to porn stars our
president had sex with that's why we
know he's a very specific Tory sorry
seems to be backing off his claim on Fox
News that he was a model student in his
prepared testimony today he wrote in
retrospect I said and did things in a
high school that make me cringe now in
retrospect you said things on Fox News
three days ago that should make you
cringe down but tomorrow is the hearing
Kavanaugh and his first accuser dr.
Christine Blasi Ford will testify before
the Senate Judiciary Committee to make
his case Cavanaugh released his social
calendar from summer of 1982 this is a
calendar he kept when he was a kid USA
Today got an exclusive look at the
calendar and it reveals a lot these are
real calendar on June 16th
he went to see Greece - it's not a joke
in May he was grounded three Fridays in
a row and yet the very next day after
his grounded he went to the problem what
kind of parenting is that and this one
really caught my attention on July 8th
and August 16th he had appointments with
someone called dr. strawberry who's who
is dr. sounds like a discount soda from
the 99-cent store but when you google
dr. strawberry wish I did this is what
comes up
even dr. strawberry is a creep he's
definitely having sex with that
strawberry right and he
I do have to say though these calendars
make they do make a case for judge
Cavanaugh I mean look at this the
Detailers Beach week first of all and
then library didn't have sex didn't have
sex didn't have sex finals didn't have
sex still a virgin no sex all good good
boys so I guess that that clears him
right calendar when I was in high school
too my was a little bit different it was
uh that's it was a Kirk Cameron calendar
all I had scheduled was those two things
so even though the third accuser has now
come forward and there are thoughts of
more accusations to potentially five
accusers Republicans in Congress are
still planning to vote on his
confirmation at 9:30 Friday morning and
because they don't want to be on camera
bullying this woman themselves they're
planning to question her in a very
sneaky way you are of all of you
standing your day all men everyone on
the Judiciary Committee and all men you
don't have women making decisions what
message does that send
we're looking for the truth here we have
hired the female assistant to clone
staff and to ask these questions in a
respectful and professional way at son
of a Mitch he's in female assistant this
assistant by the way is a Republican
prosecutor from Arizona she's a lawyer
not an assistant and now cowardly is it
to hide behind her instead of asking
these questions yourselves here's all
you need to know all three accusers want
the FBI to investigate their claims
Republicans Brett Kavanaugh don't want
the FBI to investigate I wonder why that
is
at this point Donald Trump has to be
like I knew we should have gone with
Judge Judy damn it I told you Trump is
standing by his man he said Brett
Kavanaugh is an absolute gem it's weird
that Donald Trump has shown more
affection for Brett Kavanaugh this week
then he has for Eric and Don jr. and
really all of their entire lives
he even tweeted between the Democrats
are playing a high-level con game in
their vicious effort to destroy a fine
person it's called the politics of
destruction behind the scene the Dems
are laughing pray for Brett Kavanaugh
and his family do you really think do
you think is there any chance that
Donald Trump is actually prayed for
Brett Kavanaugh and his family I mean
really you think maybe should ask God if
Donald Trump is a god god
God when you get out of your way
wow it's God hey Jimmy J hi there are
you doing man I'm doing well is that you
yeah it ain't Oprah I didn't expect you
to be so Jewish yes yes no so casual you
know oh this oh yeah yeah Jimmy it's
casual Wednesday oh okay yeah I'm going
over to the driving range to hit some
balls with Arnold Palmer oh that's nice
that's all right what do you need
well I do what I what's hey what's with
that bandaid on your face oh just think
it's a little squamous oh yeah I'm a lot
closer to the Sun than you are okay this
whole mess definitely well I'm very
sorry to hear that I hope it works out
okay I did what I wanted to ask about is
these prayers for Brett Kavanaugh is
what's going on is there a problem
ixnay on the air pray why I got enough
to deal with without all those Twitter
idiots praying for some guy they never
met okay I didn't realize Jamie do you
have any idea how much I have on my
plate no I don't mind me world hunger
war climate change kids asking me all
the time please help my fortnight's core
and now I got this orange imbecile and
he's tweeting pray for Brett Kavanaugh I
get our 50 million people talking to me
at once I don't have time for this right
right right I'm sorry I was just quoting
the president I don't ever do that every
time you do that and angel gets a
hemorrhoid just back to my thing
out of curiosity has President Trump
himself been praying for Brett Kavanaugh
all right let me check all right let's
say he has prayed for his golf swing
mm-hmm
he's prayed for his hands to grow okay
he's prayed for Hillary to wear a dress
just once
he's prayed for a second date with Kim
Jong oh okay he's paid for the burning
sensation to go away I got that he
prayed that Don jr. isn't his ten times
he prayed for the McRib to come back oh
wow okay he prayed for a spray tena that
tastes like honey mustard all right he
prayed just last night to be a better
person
no I'm kidding and he prayed from Robert
mullah to get attacked by a shark that's
why God no Brett Kavanaugh though huh
he prayed for Brett Favre Brett Somers
really George Brett for Eric not to be
hit Oh
and sbrick hotdogs okay that's that's
that's it a lot of Brett's no no no
Kavanagh oh well that is what I would
have guessed honestly
oh hey God why are we here have you been
getting my prayers
yeah Jimmy I heard them all oh you know
four months now so I'm sorry my friend I
can't get you on queer I it's yeah and
you're a little chubby to be an
astronaut all right stop you're
embarrassing yourself please stop all
right well thank you God yeah well
anything for my second favorite Oscar
host me bless you me bless you all me
bless you all
Squad everybody see that
I mean Lisbon yeah we got out for a
Lavigne we also had God so that's been
thanks for watching if you like that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it will you hurt my
feelings